
Political Advertisements from Facebook

Source

ProPublica, Facebook Users
Date Released

November 2019
Size

3 GB
Related Content

Political Ad Collector

This database, updated daily, contains ads that ran on Facebook and were submitted by thousands of ProPublica users from around the world. We asked our readers to install browser extensions that automatically collected advertisements on their Facebook pages and sent them to our servers. We then used a machine learning classifier to identify which ads were likely political and included them in this dataset. The included fields are:

    id: post id number on facebook
    html: HTML of the ad as collected by the Political Ad Collector
    political: number of Political Ad Collector users who have voted that the ad is political
    not_political: number of Political Ad Collector users who have voted that the ad is not political
    title: ad title
    message: ad content
    thumbnail: link for a thumbnail of the profile image (of the advertiser)
    created_at: date ad was first collected by the Political Ad Collector
    updated_at: the most recent time that it got an impression OR the most recent time it was voted on
    lang: language of the ad. always en-US.
    images: link for images included in the ad
    impressions: number of times the ad has been seen by the Political Ad Collector
    political_probability: calculated by the classifier. data only includes ads with a probability >=0.7
    targeting: Facebook’s “Why am I seeing this?” disclosure provided to Political Ad Collector users
    suppressed: value is false. suppressed ads are excluded from this data set because they were misclassified.
    targets: a parsed version of targeting
    advertiser: the account that posted the ad
    entities: named entities mentioned in the ad, extracted using software
    page: the page that posted the ad
    lower_page: the Facebook URL of the advertiser that posted the ad (the “page” column, lowercased)
    targetings: an array of one or more of Facebook’s “Why am I seeing this?” disclosures provided to Political Ad Collector users
    paid_for_by: for political ads, the entity listed in Facebook’s required disclosure as having paid for the ad
    targetedness: an internal metric for estimating how granularly an ad is targeted, used for sorting in the ProPublica search interface
    